domainfilter/README.md, before:

# domainfilter

## Name

*domainfilter* - filters domains via eBlocker's ICAP server.

## Description

The *domainfilter* plugin asks eBlocker's ICAP server whether a given
domain is blocked for a specific client. The client's IP address is
transmitted to the server. If the domain is blocked, the server
returns the ID of the blocking list and the IP to return to the
client.

If the domain is not blocked, the request is passed to the next plugin
in the chain.

It the ICAP server's domain filter returns an error, the blocking
behaviour depends on the configured default action:

* `allow` passes the request to the next plugin
* `deny` returns the default access denied IP `169.254.93.109`.

## Syntax

~~~
domainfilter HOST:PORT DEFAULT_ACTION
~~~

* **HOST** the address of the ICAP server's domain filter. Usually this is `localhost`.
* **PORT** the UDP port to connect to. Usually this is 7777.
* **DEFAULT_ACTION** the action to take in case of an error: `allow` or `deny`.

## Examples

Send domain filter requests to UDP port 7777 at localhost:

~~~ corefile
. {
    domainfilter localhost:7777 allow
}
~~~

Allow a domain in case of an error.

## Metadata

The plugin will publish the following metadata, if the *metadata*
plugin is also enabled:

* `domainfilter/blockedbylist`: the domain in the query was blocked by the given list

## See also

Messages are defined by the [Squid ACL helper
API](https://wiki.squid-cache.org/Features/AddonHelpers).

The plugin communicates with the ICAP server's [request handler](https://github.com/eblocker/eblocker/blob/develop/eblocker-icapserver/src/main/java/org/eblocker/server/common/blacklist/RequestHandler.java).

Commit message:

Return empty answer for AAAA (or MX, ...) queries with blocked domain, not NXDOMAIN.

domainfilter/README.md, after:

# domainfilter

## Name

*domainfilter* - filters domains via eBlocker's ICAP server.

## Description

The *domainfilter* plugin asks eBlocker's ICAP server whether a given
domain is blocked for a specific client. The client's IP address is
transmitted to the server. If the domain is blocked, the server
returns the ID of the blocking list and the IPv4 address to return to
the client.

If the domain is not blocked, the request is passed to the next plugin
in the chain.

It the ICAP server's domain filter returns an error, the blocking
behaviour depends on the configured default action:

* `allow` passes the request to the next plugin
* `deny` returns the default access denied IP `169.254.93.109`.

If a domain is blocked and the requested type is *not* `A` (for
example `AAAA`), an empty response is returned.

## Syntax

~~~
domainfilter HOST:PORT DEFAULT_ACTION
~~~

* **HOST** the address of the ICAP server's domain filter. Usually this is `localhost`.
* **PORT** the UDP port to connect to. Usually this is 7777.
* **DEFAULT_ACTION** the action to take in case of an error: `allow` or `deny`.

## Examples

Send domain filter requests to UDP port 7777 at localhost:

~~~ corefile
. {
    domainfilter localhost:7777 allow
}
~~~

Allow a domain in case of an error.

## Metadata

The plugin will publish the following metadata, if the *metadata*
plugin is also enabled:

* `domainfilter/blockedbylist`: the domain in the query was blocked by the given list

## See also

Messages are defined by the [Squid ACL helper
API](https://wiki.squid-cache.org/Features/AddonHelpers).

The plugin communicates with the ICAP server's [request handler](https://github.com/eblocker/eblocker/blob/develop/eblocker-icapserver/src/main/java/org/eblocker/server/common/blacklist/RequestHandler.java).
